# Apprenticeship learning using Inverse Reinforcement Learning
Reinforcement learning (RL) is is the very basic and most intuitive form of trial and error learning, it is the way by which most of the living organisms with some form of thinking capabilities learn. Often referred to as learning by exploration, it is the way by which a new born human baby learns to take its first steps, that is by taking random actions initially and then slowly figuring out the actions which lead to the forward walking motion.

Now the question that I kept asking myself is, what is the driving force for this kind of learning, what forces the agent to learn a particular behavior in the way it is doing it. Upon learning more about RL I came across the idea of rewards, basically the agent tries to choose its actions in such a way that the rewards that is gets from that particular behavior are maximized. Now to make the agent perform different behaviors, it is the reward structure that one must modify/exploit. But assume we only have the knowledge of the behavior of the expert with us, then how do we estimate the reward structure given a particular behavior in the environment? Well, this is the very problem of Inverse Reinforcement Learning (IRL), where given the optimal expert policy (actually assumed to be optimal), we wish to determine the underlying reward structure.

IRL has been extensively studied in the past and algorithms have been developed for it, please go through the papers Ng and Russell,2000, and Abbeel and Ng, 2004 for more information.
